                               CSAT Project
                               ============

                                  README
                                  ======


Introduction
============

First of all, CSAT stands for Control System for an Amateur Telescope. So, the
main idea of CSAT is the developing of a TCS (Telescope Control System) for
amateur telescopes, in general, as a first exercise for the construction of,
later, a gTCS, a generic TCS, which would be a framework that could be used as a
base for any TCS that you may want to write for a particular telescope. The main
information resource is the twiki page that is mantained with the last
information about the development of CSAT, and can be found in:

  * https://csrg.inf.utfsm.cl/twiki4/bin/view/ACS/ControlAmateurTelescope


CSAT is developed over ACS, the ALMA Common Software, a distributed system
framework provided by the ALMA project. So if you want to use CSAT for any
specific purpose, you must have ACS installed on your PC first. Actually ACS
runs over Scientific Linux 4.1 officially, but there is a version for newer
Linux distributions patched by the UTFSM ACS Team. Further information can be
found in:

 * https://csrg.inf.utfsm.cl/twiki4/bin/view/ACS/RepackagingAcs

The CSAT project has been under development since March, 2007, and since then is
has been growing and growing, so at the time it has several separated modules,
some of them depending on other ones, so here you can find an explanation about
each one of these modules, and the dependencies over them.


Compiling
=========

For compilation, just type:

$> make clean build

This will clean all the modules (if anything is compiled), then will build and
install each module by separated, in the proper order that they must be done.


The modules
===========

The modules available on the CSAT project are:

 * telecli: The telecli module consists in a simple C-written application that
   allows you to control a Celestron Nexstar 4 SE telescope via command line. It
   supports several commands to be sent to the telescope, and more can be added.
   It works only as a stand-alone application. This module was developed
   initially with the purpose of learning how to connect to the telescope, so
   there is not any ACS component in this module.

 * lpiRQ: The lpiRQ (LPI Research Quest) module includes two applications that
   connects to a Meade LPI CCD. One of them is a command line application that
   grabs a frame from the CCD and stores it in a file, and the other one
   consists on a GUI that shows the image that is coming from the CCD, and where
   you can change the different parameters of this device on a easy way. There
   is no ACS component on this module because of the same reason that the
   telecli don't have either: the main idea of this module was to learn how to
   connect to the CCD and obtain information from it.

 * telesim: The telesim module, as it name says, is a telescope simulator. It
   currently simulates the Celestron Nexstar 4 SE telescope, and is written in
   Java (an older version was written in C, but was thrown away). The class
   design of the simulator allows you to include more telescopes to the
   simulator. Currently there are plans to include the Meade LX200 telescope to
   this simulator.  Also, this module includes a ACS component for connecting to
   the simulator via ACS, so you can use the simulator connecting to it with
   your personal component.

 * amTCS: This module (amateur TCS) is the main one. It consists on a TCS that,
   with the information coming from the telescope, the CCD and a GPS, and some
   logic and calculations written on it, it controls the telescope's movement
   for observing some objective. It includes many ACS components, and all their
   configuration and testing, among other things. There are many improvements
   that have to be done over the amTCS, because it is the main module of the
   CSAT project, so they will be. At the moment of writing, the GPS is still not
   connected to the amTCS, so a PC clock and fixed ubication values are being
   used.

 * Hevelius: Finally, Hevelius is a GUI client for the amTCS components. It is
   written in Java, and was developed initially for the "Feria de Software
   2007", but now (that this event has passed away) it is being mantained to
   satisfy the requirements of the CSAT project.


The authors of each module, and the contributors, are listed on the AUTHORS and
CREDITS files, respectively, so look at them if you want to know more about
them.



The dependencies
================

The dependecies between the modules are as follows:

                      -------------
                      |  Hevelius |------------\
                      -------------             |
                            |                   |
                            |                   |
                            V                   V
                      -------------      ------------------
         ------------ |   amTCS   |      | EXTERNALS/jogl |
        /             -------------      ------------------
        |                   |
        |                   |
        V                   V
  -------------       -------------         
  |  telecli  |       |  telesim  |         
  -------------       -------------         
                            |
                            |
                            V
  -------------    ------------------     ----------------
  | lpiRQ/lpi |    | EXTERNALS/rxtx |     | lpiRQ/lpiGui |
  -------------    ------------------     ----------------


The arrow pointing from Hevelius to amTCS represents that Hevelius depends on
amTCS to compile and work correctly. The same for Hevelius-EXTERNALS/jogl, and
the same for amTCS and telesim/telecli.  Also, since telecli and lpiRQ/* are
modules with only stand-alone applications, they don't depend on any module,
and no module depends on them. telesim has a stand-alone application, but also
a ACS Component that is necessary for amTCS, since it's used by this last one.
telecli, by its side, compiles a shared library neccesary by one of the amTCS
components (the one that access the telescope).

Finally, the telesim module depends on the rxtx libs to work.
